# Alzwag_Almoyassar
Technological applications and services have witnessed pre-eminent leap-forwards over the past decade. Technology has utterly touched upon so many aspects of modern life, tackling every human necessity and turning it into a software solution, providing viable options for a productive society more than ever. Thanks to these great technological strides, new industrial directions for so many vibrant services have unfolded, one of which is the dating industry. The dating industry has been indubitably one of the sprightliest vivid segments in the industry of online services and applications. The dating industry turned out to achieve an expeditious surge in the US, making it a 3 billion dollar worth of business in 2018, showing an annual growth rate of 6.25%. Hence, Al-Zawag Al-Muyassar came out to tackle such an interesting and profitable business segment and cast it over the Middle Eastern culture to provide marriage services that are carefully curated and tailored towards the Middle Eastern customs and traditions. Our preliminary attempt toward achieving Al-Zawag Al-Muyassar involved scraping data from different publicly-available Telegram chat groups that are dedicated to marriage purposes. A technological data pipeline is detailedly designed to treat the scraped data and turn it into useful information, starting with cleaning the data properly from any lexical misinterpretations, carefully integrating the data from different sources, and reducing and transforming the data to have a purely extracted set of data that can be easily analyzed and processed. A Machine Learning model is constructed to suggest the most optimal matching between males and females. Accordingly, KMeans, Mini-batch KMeans, DBScan, Mean-Shift, and Agglomerative clustering techniques were used backed up with the Ford-Fulkerson algorithm for maximum bipartite matching to suggest the most perfect pair-matching for males and females according to each person’s needs and preferences. Our preliminary prototype’s results have shown over 98% efficiency for using the Mean-Shift algorithm, 96% for Mini-batch KMeans, 90% for KMeans, 85% for DBScan, and 78% for Agglomerative clustering.
